Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David and Glenn. Let's get to your
top stories today. Cautious trading
across equities in the Asia Pacific
after US stocks extending those record
highs. President Trump announcing a
tariff deal with Vietnam. That's ahead
of the July 9th deadline. More progress
on trade as Germany's Seammens says the
US has lifted some curves that sought to
restrict the development of China's chip
sector. And Foxcon said to pull hundreds
of Chinese engineers from its iPhone
factories in India, dealing a blow to
Apple's push to diversified supply
chain. The details on that Bloomberg
scoop coming up.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. Lots
to get through today. coming through of
course from overnight where we touched
on record highs on the global benchmark
and you know what live show is for you
all the news coming through in the last
15 minutes or so. So ignore the sideways
uh bottom of your screen. So we're now
seeing a little bit more upside right
now. Of course we came up with that just
a few minutes ago. Uh u towards the
upside right now with Taiwan coming
online up about 1% and that's really
leading to most of the gains we're
seeing right now. 310 to 1%. You know
what? It's been very, very good to be
long these equity markets this year. So
far, a 10 to 1% to the upside in Japan
as far as that's concerned. Now, other
market themes to tell you about going
into today. You have a 30-year bond
auction. We'll get into what's been
happening in the UK with Footsie futures
and of course the pound down against
every single one of its peers. Uh on
Wednesday, we're seeing a little bit of
upside right now in cable and of course
copper on the back of what a clearer
outlook as far as tariff growth and all
expectations are concerned. LME. Now, as
you can see here, a 10,000 handle on
that. We'll get to the the Shanghai
contract in a moment. Right. Overnight,
a couple of names to watch going into
the open today. So, casinos had a very
good day in Hong Kong yesterday. Uh,
Melco was up a further 4.6 overnight.
BYD on the story that it has put on ice
indefinitely. Those plans for a Mexico
plant. Baba holdings down about 3% and
New Oriental, of course, pay attention
to maybe how these ones trade going into
the the open today. All that said,
futures are pointing to the upside. And
of course, again, we're flirting with
near the weak end of the band. Not quite
there just yet again, but again, that's
very, very close. And on the copper
contract, there we go. Up 3/10en of 1%.
But yeah, Ivon, it's really all about
the trade deal with Vietnam, the big
picture, of course, what it means
broadly for China, how China might
respond to that as well. Uh, and yeah,
where we go with that with that broader
conversation there. Yeah, the way with
China is that, you know, you could say a
lot of exporters have been using
Southeast Asia, particularly Vietnam to
redirect some of their exports uh to the
US in some ways. We'll get that those
charts to you in just a bit. And really,
as you say, how Beijing is going to
respond to this as well. But let's bring
in our team, Bloomberg ML strategist
Mark Cranfield, our news desk editor
Jill Dies, and our congressional
reporter Steven Dennis on just all the
big kind of top stories here today.
Mark, I'll start with you. Right.
There's a trade deal between the US and
Vietnam. there's guilt turbulence given
what's going on in the UK plus there's a
JGB auction coming up I mean what's
going to be the big thing for markets
today
if there's a if there's a common thread
between those things particularly using
the the guilts and the JGBs as as the
handle there it's the curve steepening
has got further to go across the world
so it's something which really started
in in the Treasury market earlier this
year as people got concerned about the
size of the US fiscal deficit which
appears to be getting wider particularly
if they pass this this bill this week
through Congress and that's been feeding
into other markets and the the
turbulence you saw yesterday in the UK
guilt market was particularly focused on
the very long end of the curve which is
awful timing for the Japanese market
which is having a 30-year auction today
and they've been having a lot of trouble
selling their 30-year debt this year.
The Ministry of Finance has tried to
stabilize that market by promising to
reduce issuance but there's really
nothing they can do about what happens
outside Japan. So if you got steepening
in the UK, steepening in Germany,
steepening in the American market,
that's all going to feed back into the
Japanese market, and it's just made
today's bond sale much more difficult
than it would have been already. So
that's certainly something which feeds
into all of those markets. China's a
little bit of an exception here with if
the United States thinks they're going
to put pressure on China in terms of
doing deals with other countries such as
Vietnam. If anything, that's going to
make the the Chinese authorities more
resolute to make the ywan the strongest
currency in Asia. So the byproduct of
that actually is probably going to be to
to stabilize Chinese markets. I don't
think you're going to see the Chinese
authorities backing down at all.
There'll be more domestic stimulus.
There'll be more plans to to make the
yuan a strong currency and invite
foreign funds to come there. So if
anything, it will make China more
determined than ever to try and attract
flows away from other places. But that's
overall that's good for Asian currencies
because they'll feed off the strong
yuan. As you say, there's a lot of
moving parts here, but the common thread
is steeper yield curves across the
world.
Yeah, Mark, just stay put. Lots more to
talk about. Mark, there let me bring you
in here because I'm looking at the
Vietnam ETF that's just come online
right now in Taiwan. We're up 1% on
that. Just give us the details, the
context here of the trade deal, and is
is is it a trade deal? What does it
mean, of course, for the broader
conversation with with Beijing? Well, I
mean, as we know at this point, David,
we're still waiting for an actual term
sheet uh from the White House. We're
still waiting for a more wholesome
response from Hanoi just to see exactly
where they stand on all of this. Um, but
what we know is uh so there's a 20%
tariff uh that the US is placing on
Vietnamese exports to the United States.
uh there's that 40% levy on any goods
deemed to be trans shship shipped to the
country which I think is really I think
just when we're kind of grasping here
for details really kind of the the key
part of this and then uh Trump is saying
that in return uh Vietnam has agreed to
drop all levies on US uh imports so
that's really uh where we stand right
now I think it's really and you know
this is really important in the context
of what Mark was just talking about when
it comes to how China's responding to
some of these I think uh that 40% duty
on those trans shipped goods um I mean
when you consider uh you know Vietnam's
placement in the region. There's a lot
of uh parts that are coming from China
that are then make their way to Vietnam.
Uh maybe that's sort of a last stage for
manufacturing before that's then shipped
to the United States or elsewhere, what
have you. Uh so if you're the United
States, a big part of that is is likely
geared toward trying to uh you know curb
um you know trade, you know, trying to
create some sort of trade barriers for
China. Uh um I think this really kind of
feeds into that broader idea of what
we're seeing from the Trump
administration as we've just been
discussing uh which is that uh you know
what the United States is trying to do
is shore up these trade agreements with
uh you know various allies that it has
or you know other trading partners and
trying to essentially box China out um
you know of uh you know of some of these
uh you know economic um uh you know
measures that it's taking. So I think
that that's really the important part.
Again, I do just want to stress that
we're still waiting for um exactly what
types of goods some of these uh duties
cover. Um still waiting for that
response from Vietnam really in a little
bit more detail. So, I think you know
throughout the course of today maybe we
do get some clarity, but we'll see where
we go from there. Yeah, the trans
shipment that's going to be interesting
how that's defined and also how that's
going to be enforced, right? Because
that's the China story, part of the
China story there. Mark, Mark, can I
bring you back in here because there was
a separate story that came out. This is
the seaman's effectively well the seaman
story is saying that the US has
rescended chip software curbs. Now that
could be a separate story. It could be
maybe maybe I'm just speculating here
maybe part of a broader deal with China.
Who knows? Again I'm speculating there.
But how big of a deal is the is the chip
curb story today in your view as far as
risk assets go. Mark,
I don't think investors are going to
place too much weight on it when you got
the July 9th deadlines coming up. I
think they're more concerned that we get
a situation something like in April
where at the last minute a whole slew of
tariffs are placed on countries all over
the over the world. That's a much bigger
waiting for financial markets in the
next few days. It's a bit of a binary
situation. There is so much resting on
what happens with July the 9th. It's
it's not easy for traders to position
ahead of it because when you take
defensive measures before a major event,
you're giving away P&L. Basically, it's
costing you to do so. And you can see
how quickly markets rebounded in April
after the initial shock. Now, we may
well get to July the 9th and it all dies
down. We pass by quietly and nothing
really happens. Investors will probably
be pretty happy with that. But of
course, we could also get a mini version
of Liberation Day, and markets are
really on edge going into that. So,
we're probably going to see trading
volumes decline, people becoming a bit
more defensive ahead of that, ready to
react whether or not the tariffs are
enacted at that time or not. It's going
to be a very edgy period. And in a way,
it's good that the July the 4th holiday
is coming in between because it gives
people more time to reflect on what's
happening. But it's going to be a very
nervous period between now and next week
as to who is allowed, who's in, who's
out, and really how many people are
going to be hit by that. So that's
really what markets are much more
focused on regardless of something which
is a bit periphery in terms of chips and
something which is prone to being moved
back and forth anyway. Much more
important is July the 9th.
All right, Mark. Thank you. Our ML
strategist Mark Cranfield there. Also
our thanks to our desk news desk editor
Jill Dus. Let's get to our other story
which is President Trump has also met
with conservative lawmakers to discuss
his signature tax bill as doubts grow
over whether that legislation can pass
by July 4th. Our congressional reporter
Stephen Dennis joins us now from Capitol
Hill in DC. He's at the House of
Representatives. Uh Stephen, thanks so
much for joining us. There's a lot of
horse trading going on, but just give us
what the latest is right now.
Yeah, they're still having a hard time
corelling the House Freedom Caucus, that
group of hardline conservatives.
So far, they're not willing to vote for
what's called the rule, which is a
procedural vote to get you to final
passage. And until they uh agree to do
so, they have the power to block the
bill. One of the things that we know
that they've been trying to get is
commitments for future spending cuts in
future bills, but it's really hard to
see how they'll be able to get those
through a Congress that had a hard time
passing this bill because of all the
spending cuts in it. Now, the reality is
for like bond markets, that's another
thing that the Freedom Caucus is worried
about. A lot of the conservative members
point out that uh interest rates are
much higher on US debt than they were in
2017 and they want steep spending cuts
to pay for the tax cuts this time
around. They just don't have the votes
of their colleagues to go along with
steeper cuts and so they're frustrated.
Now, I I do think if uh the bond market
has problems, that could be jet fuel for
a future spending cut package. But this
bill is really stimulative in the next
few years. There's temporary tax cuts
for the next four years. There's
temporary spending increases on defense
and homeland security of hundreds of
billions of dollars. So, all that
stimulus is going to, you know, juice uh
deficits at least in the short run. Now,
the administration keeps saying, "Well,
growth will take care of it." But it's a
little harder to grow when you have a
higher interest rate environment, which
is one of the reasons why you're seeing
Trump weigh on Fed Chair Jay Powell to
get out of town or or cut those rates.
Yeah. Yeah. It's quite a quite a
difficult set of options there. Uh
Stephen, uh very very quickly though,
Stephen, just uh are we still operating
under your assumption that July 4th
might they might be able to get this
pass the line on July 4th? Is that now a
hard sale? Uh the consensus here is that
they're going to be able to pass this
bill in the next 24 hours. Uh you know,
we've been, you know, we've seen
surprises before, but all the leadership
is convinced that they're going to be
able to get this done uh by the
deadline. But, you know, they they still
have these hold out members and and they
can only afford to lose three of them.
There are already some who've said they
would vote no, who have changed their
minds after a meeting or a call with
Trump. There's others who aren't talking
in the hallway. So, uh, the the until
there are four hard nos on on the bill,
I think you can be pretty confident that
they're ultimately going to pass it. And
then we'll find out later what the
actual promises were made about future
bills, about executive orders, other
things that President Trump can do as
far as implementing this bill. But one
of the big concerns of the the
conservatives, they want to get rid of
all these green energy tax credits ASAP
and faster than the Senate did. Well,
maybe Trump can promise to do some
things that make it hard to permit
those. You know, there are things that
the the the administration has with
their executive authority. And then
there's so many wins in here for
conservatives. the biggest uh
deportation uh in history.
Tens of billions of dollars to construct
prisons for uh unauthorized immigrants.
These are things that these guys want
and have been pounding the table for for
years.
Stephen Dennis, thank you so much on the
latest there. And I caveat that and
thank you so much, by the way, for
staying up and for your time. caveat
that because there is some there are
some lines coming through right now um
from the US president in a truth social
post and effectively he's saying that it
looks like the house is ready to vote
tonight and that the Republican house
majority is united so timeline set July
4th and we'll see whether or not they
are able to push and in what form right
which version of it get they are able to
push through uh the line here right
separately um we also are getting some
lines coming through here out of South
Korea. Let me just bring that up here on
my screens right now. Effectively
talking about relations here between
well a couple of things here. That's the
president you see on your screens. Those
are live pictures right now. This news
conference to mark but first 30 days in
office. Of course he did hit the ground
running improving relations there with
Chinese and Russia. Yeah. So that's
interesting too um given that you know
the US and South Korea are also engaging
in trade talks as well. Um but yes to
keep a strong alliance with the US and
the US Japan cooperation. uh according
to Lee. So uh really more of a foreign
policy tilt here in the first couple
minutes of this media briefing. We'll
get to you the latest there on of course
how he marks the first month in off
this. We are kind of the open of trade
in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong.
This is the China show.
[Music]
your agenda here today. We continue
Wangi's tour in Europe as well. The Hong
Kong dollar weakness once again. We're
watching very closely here after we did
see HKMA intervene a second time this
week. But yeah, we're still seeing maybe
a still a bit of weakness there. Some
Chaiing China services PMI numbers come
out in just a few minutes as well.
There's a debut in Hong Kong. We're
talking about Cloud Breakak Pharma. So,
new another biotech company listing here
in the city. We'll we'll get to the
latest there and we got a big interview
with the CEO coming up. And BYD now
there's plans, indefinite plans uh to
delay that Mexico plant amid some of the
trade uncertainties there. We'll get you
the latest on that story as well in
terms of sectors watching casinos and
copper stocks as well. Yeah, there's so
much news to get through right now and
not to mention of course the other big
story that just came through in the last
let's call it what 1 hour or so. So
Seammens has said that it has received a
notes that the US has rescended chip
software curves in China. Now we
reported just over a month ago about
these efforts of Washington to restrict
Chinese firms access to that specific uh
key software technology. Let's bring in
Belle with us who cover who covered the
story for us. So yeah, what what do we
know exactly about what's being
rescended here? Well, what's being
rescended is this is this pretty much
total ban on on exports of technology
that can be used to design
semiconductors to China. So it actually
hasn't been in place for that long
according to our reporting. So we were
saying at the end of May uh the the US
government was essentially sending out
these letters to to leading chip design
software firms asking them not to sell
their technology into mainland China. It
appears that there's been a backflip on
this because we had Seammens issuing
this notice this morning saying that
they could now actually once again
resume sales of their their technology
to Chinese customers. It'll be really
interesting to get more details firstly
on why this has happened. I mean, we
know that there's been a big effort from
companies in Silicon Valley to to
essentially have less restrictions on
sales of technology to China to try and
sort of stop that that continued drive
for self-reliancy or at least to slow it
down in mainland China. It'll be also
interesting to hear which other
companies got these notices because when
we saw them initially being announced,
we had companies like like Synopsis,
Cadence, both of those are US listed,
but really big drops in those equities
or those stocks at the time. Yeah, we'll
see if there's any more sort of a a
follow through on that. Um, another
scoop that we're watching is is what's
going on in Foxcon. So, what our
reporting is that hundreds of Chinese
engineers and technicians have returned
home from factories and iPhone factories
in India. What's happening there? Yeah,
this is a really great scoop that we had
from our colleagues, but essentially
it's it's exactly as you said. I mean,
it's something that's been going on for
for a process now of around two months.
It's around 300 staff that are believed
to go to have returned home. It means
that you've sending back engineers.
You're sending back technicians. Uh
what's left now in terms of Chinese
staff in India, according to our
sources, is is basically some support
staff. So, so very much a skeleton crew
that's in place there. It's it's not
immediately clear why this has taken
place, but we do know that that Beijing
has been at least verbally encouraging
regulate regulators uh local governments
as well in in China to try and stop any
sort of tech transfers, equipment
transfers to India, other places in
Southeast Asia. We know that there are
countries out there that are really
vying to to be that part of the China
plus one strategy and to take more of a
share of any companies that are looking
to move their production outside China.
Beijing obviously doesn't want that to
take place. All right, Belle, thank you
with the latest with those two scoops
here or take a look at China futures
here and actually pointing quite
positively. Obviously been talking about
what this whole you know resetting of US
chip curves what that means for the tech
space here today and of course maybe
signs of US China that trade deal is
really now starting to get more
implemented in some ways as well and
some of the key parts of this market.
Yeah we'll see how the market reacts
things like SMIC for example some of the
Taiwan name as already called higher in
the opening 21 minutes of the cash
market there. Cloud break farmer
speaking of just to pivot this very
quickly. So we IPO price was north of 10
and as you can see we were failing to
break clouds. uh currently we're down 6%
in the pre-markets. More on that in a
moment. That's one of the debuts today
here in Hong Kong and what's really been
a fantastic year to raise equity
financing here in the city. Plenty more
ahead. We'll be speaking, by the way,
with the boss of the company later on in
the show. The opening bell 7 minutes
away. This is the China Show.
[Music]
Okay. Uh we're going into the open today
and you know what? I think we're losing
some momentum, but broadly speaking,
it's been a good year for stocks. Uh
equities though here in Hong Kong have
been rather rangebound in the last few
weeks or so, but certainly we've been
hitting higher and higher lows. If
you're curious about the chart, you can
check out my post earlier on on Twitter
or X. There we go. There you go. Uh, a
little bit of self-promotion there,
particularly when it comes to analyst
actions here today. Uh, there's a little
bit of of talk on in the property space
and the casino space. So, MGM China,
that was raised to a buy at Goldman, SGM
Holdings as well, cut to neutral there
from the firm and Warf Real Estate, this
one coming through from JP Morgan. So,
they're upgrading the Hong Kong property
man u uh company there to overweight on
expectations that the commercial
property company will benefit from
improving retail sales in the city. Keep
in mind, we just got those retail sales
yesterday in Hong Kong. Better than
expected and beating every estimate out
there. So, maybe some improving signs uh
when it comes to the retail sector
today. Stock to watch. BYD, that's one
to watch. Obviously, there's a Tesla
story as well. BYD on their indefinite
plans to delay that Mexican plant there.
We're only seeing a little bit of
movement in the stock here today, but
the Tesla suppliers, uh, you know, the
the sales numbers that we got from the
companies seem to suggest maybe we're
hitting a little bit of a bottom when it
comes to how these price wars and the
like are developing here. So that's why
maybe you're seeing a little bit of
green on some of the suppliers like Gon
lithium for example up some 1% and then
we got a listing debut today. Yeah,
Cloud Break Pharma is coming online.
Just keep in mind the context here is
about north of 10 as far as the IPO
price is concerned. Down about six. We
were up as much I think in double digits
in the gray market and then we settled
in around a 7 8% gain in the gray market
day before and as you can see the
momentum has certainly disappeared and
continued to the downside right going
into the open today. Uh Min of course
our China correspondent will be live
from the Hong Kong exchange floor to
take us through the story what this
means broadly speaking for what PWC is
now calling the the worldbeaning equity
market here in Hong Kong this year so
far and the PCO of course will be
speaking to them later on in the show as
well. The opening bell is coming up next
just over 3 minutes away. Hong Kong is
flat. A50 futures are up half of 1% and
the Taiishin PMI numbers are coming out
in about 17 18 minutes or so. So, lots
more coming up suffice to say. Good
morning. Thanks for joining us. More
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Welcome back. The opening bell just
under a minute away. I'm going to get
through all the items on your agenda
today. We have a a debut here in Hong
Kong. We have taiishi numbers coming out
in a couple of minutes. A 30-year JGB
auction. We're still following the guilt
drama and the pound scene stability
today. And of course that's ahead of
some key uh jobs numbers coming out the
US and of course the in what version the
bill is going to pass in the US and of
course the opening today and what that
means for the broader sector here Ivon
broader sectors here. Yeah, there's a
lot of stories going on in some way and
how you weave it all together, right?
What does this guilt turbulence mean for
this JGB auction for the 30-year later
on today? We had a good 10 year. Does
that mean the 30-year could be actually
be quite interesting here today as well.
So certainly that's one to watch here.
Some of the trade headlines there and
the US u making this trade deal with
Vietnam certainly has a lot of China
implications as well because it is a way
in some ways a major win for DC to try
to isolate Beijing from its supply
chain. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. Here's how the open is looking
like here in onshore. Decent gains so
far where CSI 300 up about a tenth of
1%. We're not seeing a whole lot of
movement in bond yields here this
morning, but we're watching very closely
the commodities. Certainly maybe the
signs of a trade deal are helping. Uh
some of the likes of steel, iron ores up
some 1%. Shanghai crude is also doing
quite well here today. And we're
watching very closely some of these
Tesla suppliers. What we saw in the some
of the sales numbers suggest maybe we
reach a little bit of a bottom in terms
of where these these price wars go and
the like here and the competition in
that space. So CLAA shares for example
are catching a slight bit this morning
in Hong Kong. It's a little bit more of
a mixed picture here. We're just seeing
unchanged HS Tech here this morning.
We're up about a tenth of 1% uh for
eight shares uh hanging I should say.
The property space is actually doing
quite well. So JP Morgan with that
upgrade when it comes to the likes of
Warf saying that you know improved
prospects in the retail space might help
the likes of the commercial property
side of things. So Warf is their pick
there and has switched from underweight
to overweight. It's a Hansen property
doing quite well here as well. We're
still trading around that weekend of
that trading band for honky dollar
784.99
level. So we'll see if we see any more
intervention from the central bank. You
take a look at how Alibaba goes. There
was this report about them adding to
more subsidies as well. So certainly
maybe that could be something that uh is
something catalyst for the stock. You
take a look at how uh we're looking at
when it comes to Tesla suppliers. That's
certainly one thing to watch very
closely. Right. So Alibaba's down some
1%. Uh B was up 1% as well. Goldman had
a pretty interesting note about these
e-commerce plays like Alibaba, like
Metoan. They're suggesting maybe we're
seeing kind of the worst of of these
sort of, you know, the competition when
it comes to food delivery and perhaps
we've reached a peak in this whole price
war in the September quarter and it's
all already in the price. So, they're
saying there is a bit of inflection
point when you take a look at Alibaba,
when you look at muan, that is the the
view there. Uh, we mentioned about Tesla
suppliers, right? Let's see what how
they're doing here today. It seems like
it is a bit of a mixed picture overall,
but yes, the delivery did fall for a
second straight quarter, but it was
still better than expected, right? So
maybe that's why we're seeing a little
bit more upside in some of these uh
suppliers here today. And then we got a
listing debut, Cloud Break Pharma. This
is what's going on. So pre-market didn't
look too good. There you go. We're
seeing shares the open down some 10%.
Another biotech company. Obviously,
there's been a lot of lot of I guess
frenzy around this space, but
interesting enough, we're seeing not a
stellar debut today, Dave. Yeah, if if
it's any consolation, I got a 10 out of
100 in one of my college exams and
bounced back quite nicely. So, so we'll
see if if if if my path onward and
upward is any indication, it's it's
things things hopefully get better from
here. In fact, let's get more context on
this because Minman Lo, our China
correspondent, is in fact at the Hong
Kong Exchange floor for this listing and
this debut and yeah, so not exactly the
best few first few minutes, Mintman, but
give us some context here.
Yeah, I heard a small cheer from the
room just now as we were counting down
to the gong ceremony, but certainly not
a very strong debut today. down about
10% at the open even though a day ago in
the gray market it was about 80 times
overs subscribed by retail investors
here in Hong Kong but if you look at the
interest from international investors
though it was a little bit under
subscribed so perhaps not so surprising
that it is uh trading quite a bit down
at the open today but this is a company
that is invested heavily in drug
development especially for eye treatment
things like glaucoma um uh myopia as
well dry eyes disease is they're still
quite a long way away from
commercialization because a lot of their
products are still in the pre-clinical
trials or clinical trial stage. But it's
a company that is interestingly
headquartered in the United States with
a lot of operations in mainland China.
So it's interesting that they have
chosen to list here in Hong Kong. I'll
be asking that question to the CEO here,
Dr. Jin Somi in about half an hour from
now. But certainly both US and China are
important markets for them. Especially
China given some of the government
support we have seen so far with the
Chinese government encouraging insurers
to invest in new drug development. And
if the company can take advantage of
that, of course, it will give them an
ability to set higher prices and and
make their products more available for
the masses.
Okay. Hey, Cloud Break certainly not
having a big break today, but I'm just
wondering in the grand scheme of things,
this is coming at a time when Hong Kong
is seeing a a flurry of IPOs or listings
as well. It seems like investors are
still shaking off any sort of tariff
concerns. Mment,
that's right. It is shaping up to be a
red-hot for Hong Kong and uh as you said
earlier Dave, uh PWC expecting Hong Kong
to claim the top spot for global IPOs
this year. If you look at total proceeds
from share sales so far in the first
half of the year, we are up 30%. We are
shaping up for potentially becoming the
second largest marketplace for share
sales for the first time since 2012. So
clearly it seems like a lot of that
water is under the bridge when it comes
to tariffs. A lot of the IPOs we are
seeing in Hong Kong are coming from
companies that are already listed in the
mainland. So the sort of ah deals that
we are seeing contributing to three
quarters of the IPOs here. But we are
also getting picking up listings that
previously would have uh gone to New
York because a lot of investors now are
looking to move cash out of the US given
the geopolitical uncertainties. Of
course, the Hong Singh's overperformance
this year also help boosting the the
optimism here in Hong Kong as well. uh
continue to expect more listings in the
second half of the year, especially from
companies that depend heavily on China's
domestic demand because those companies
will be shielded from geopolitical
headwinds and benefit from stimulus. So
we do have companies in the pipeline
including a pig breeder uh muen foods as
well as um sarin group which is an
electric vehicle maker. Again that is a
sector that is doing really well in Hong
Kong and it's especially remarkable if
you compare with the greatest rival
India was the top leader in the APEC
region last year. Their shares yield
sales proceed in the first half had been
down 20% compared to Hong Kong which is
up 30% in the first half of the year.
All right, Mimman, thank you. Our Tana
correspondent Mim Lo there. Of course,
as as she mentioned, Mimman will be
speaking to the founder and CEO at
Cloudbreak at the top of the next hour.
In the meantime, let's bring in Sylvia
Shang, global multi-asset strategist at
JP Morgan Asset Management. her team
just released their second half asset
allocation views and uh it was no
shortage of news and and volatility for
the first half whether it was trade
concerns uh budget concerns uh and what
we're seeing the US dollar and also the
Middle East things have seemed to have
subsided a bit what's in store for the
second half so looking at the second
half we do have a more benign growth
outlook especially looking at the US we
do think that after some of the
volatilities in policies we are looking
at a more stronger growth especially
going into 26 with a fiscal support
coming in and from asset allocation
perspective we do have a modest progress
tilt in our multiasset portfolios mainly
focus on US equities in high yield and
also selective um equity bets in
regionals such as Hong Kong um em and
Japan also sectors we like tech in the
US still yeah overweight high yield
credit we're we're starting to get data
on the US that's coming in softer than
the previous version of that piece of
data. Are you concerned about how what
it means for high yield, especially
given how tight spreads already are at
the moment? Yeah, there's definitely no
argument with a tight spread right now,
but we still think it's more of a carry
place. So, when we look at our recession
risk, we think it's uh more muted
compared to where we were earlier this
year. And the household as well as
corporate balance sheet, we think it's
still pretty strong at this moment. So,
still supports our high yield credit.
How are you looking at US treasuries
then? Is there a specific range that
you're looking at and and is it looking
more attractive compared to the rest of
the world still? So looking at US
treasuries uh the 10 year we think
probably trading somewhere around 375 to
450. So we are closer to the upper end
of the range. So we still see value in
US treasuries but maybe towards the
short end of the curve. So 3 to 5 years.
Uh but looking globally we do think
there's more value outside of the US
especially looking at Europe. um Italian
bonds, BTPS, where things still pretty
good carry play here. I was going to ask
you about UK guilts, which is one of
your preferences and what's going on
there and the and the theatrics that are
going on uh in in the UK right now. What
should I be doing with UK guilts? So, it
was uh one of our preferred markets, but
we think that's more driven by the fact
we do think there's there more rate cuts
to come from the BOE compared to what
the market is pricing. Clearly what
happened uh yesterday is bit of uh more
of a risk but we do see kind of uh the
the kind of uh karma walking back of
some of the comments uh during the prime
minister question time. So we hopefully
that's more of a short-term volatility.
Yeah. Well, let me let me ask you a
follow up on that. If if Rachel Reeves
loses her job, do you think you'll keep
this call or is in other words, does the
the Bank of England part of the
conversation outweigh anything on the
political side? I do think there's
definitely going to be more focus on
fiscal sustainability in the UK if we do
have the the unfortunate event if Rachel
Reeves doesn't stay um in the cabinet.
So I think that is definitely something
we need to monitor. Yeah. If if you take
a look, we were just talking about what
did well in the first half. It was
equities, it was alternatives, and it
was gold for the most part. we we kind
of captured a little bit more the equity
side of things but what about you know
when it comes to private credit or
private markets when it comes to
alternatives and gold what should I do
with those in the second half now so I
think it's more of a longer term play
when you think about what we have in
store is really about more active fiscal
policy really everywhere not just in the
US also in Europe as well we're seeing
that in China and we do think eventually
that's going to be more inflationary
compared to what we saw after the GFC so
some of the um assets You mentioned
alternatives especially real assets and
gold they all tend to perform better in
a higher inflationary environment. You
you mentioned regional equities. Could
you be more specific like what what
other what apart from US equities do you
do you prefer? So we like uh Hong Kong
equities. So we think it still has a bit
of valuation support and the momentum
now is uh building. We think more
broadly we think that could definitely
persist and currently we don't think
there's much policy expectations built
into the market. So we think that that's
potentially could be upside risk where
we look at Hong Kong. Japan is still one
of our favorite market compared to other
DM markets. It is cheaper and we think
there's more structural momentum with
that corporate reforms going on. And
just on one last on the dollar I guess
is the assumption the dollar weakness
continues. Yeah, we do think that in the
second half of this year, we're going to
see more dollar weakness. And it's it's
also one of our calls in our long-term
capital market assumptions that we think
dollar is structurally more expensive
that there is more room for it to
weaken. Yeah. Well, fortunately for us,
we're we're all paid in a currency
pegged to the dollar, guys. Thank you so
much. Have a great Thank you so much and
have a great rest of your week ahead. Uh
yeah, Ivon, sorry you're stuck with me.
Um lots more coming up here. Uh Sylvia
Shang, the global multiasset strategist,
JP Morgan asset management. All right,
coming up. um will be going to Kyoto.
Why? Well, coming up is because they
have the Japan Investment Corporation
joining us as the government seeks to
beef up the country startup sector and
it's the Kyoto Innovation Venture Summit
taking place there. Uh yeah, so lots of
you know what is Japan's role as AI
conversation goes? Where are they as far
as a frontier of key technologies these
days? We'll get to all of that with
Yukahhata coming up. This is the
transition show.
[Music]
Let's head to Coyoto now where the
startup conference IVS begins there
today with investors, business leaders
and policy makers gathering to discuss
startup investment and business
opportunities. Dave has mentioned the
website looks like a like a video game.
It it does. In fact, when you just for
our viewers, right, you can just go to
the website. There we go. That the
backdrop is who remembers Space
Invaders, right? That's that's the
backdrop there. And it really brings
back memories of when I think still is
with the Switch, but really back in the
days when Japan, you know, was at the
very was a forefront of things like
games and what have you. And I think
right now part of what the government's
trying to do is they're trying to
partner with private VCs and attracting
overseas VCs to look at Japanese V uh
opportunities and what is what what
names are scalable beyond the local
market and what best practices they can
bring to the domestic and they have a
very ambitious plan the government right
pushing to grow 100,000 startups and 100
unicorn companies by 2027. It's the go
global initiative that GIC started back
in uh 2022. In fact, just on that note,
let's let's go live now to the event
itself and our next guest. In fact, Yuka
Hata is senior managing director and
head of fund investments at GIC Japan
Investment Corporation. Uh Yuka, thank
you so much for joining us. I guess
maybe give us an update first because
you guys launched the Go Global
Initiative back in 2022. It's been about
three years since then. what progress
have you seen from this exercise?
Well, thank you for asking. So, JC
itself actually founded uh in 2018 and
obviously you know our purpose is really
to build uh Japan's kind of VC
ecosystem. So the launching this kind of
program in 2020 July. So since then that
you know we've been really working hard
to deploy the risky capital to the
Japan's kind of VC ecosystem itself. Now
the global um strategy itself as you
mentioned that you know uh back in 2022
we kind of started to collaborate with
kind of overseas managers because
obviously you know the supporting you
know supported by the Japanese
government and create kind of unicorn
the number of unicorn out of this
country definitely the key is to create
a global startup out of these countries
but for that reason JC's actually set
the global uh go global uh strategies
back in 2022 and starting to investing
to the uh overseas managers in the US,
Europe and Asia to kind of build uh the
the corridor in between our country
Japan and Vas each of the country so
that you know we can collaborate
together to create a global startup out
of this country.
and Yuka, you know, the VC world in
Japan seems to be still quite small,
right? I mean, maybe just given against
a backdrop where you already have a very
legacy innovative tech companies that
are already leading the charge in many
sectors and and segments, you also have
very a deep stock markets as well.
Overall, what's going to be the pitch
then to really getting overseas
investors interested in the startup
space in Japan?
Well, thank you. So obviously Japan as
of today the uh overall market side is
definitely still kind of small but it's
really evolving and over time in you
know 10 years and this is steady growth
as of today obviously you know uh you
know uh influence a little bit you know
same the kind of US and other markets
you know as of today the fundraising
momentum is very kind of the tough you
know in this market as well but on the
other hand we see that lot of you the
great uh talent for uh coming into this
kind of ecosystem. You may you know
think about Japan that used to be you
know top elite student used to work for
you know the big corporations big brand
name companies or investment banking and
a consulting space but they are all
coming into the startup. This is
definitely a promising uh trend in
Japan. We definitely believe that this
kind of the city growth will push
forward to you know uh expand our global
e uh VC ecosystem in Japan.
And Yuka I was wondering if you could
contextualize for us what challenges
remain on the ground. In other words,
when you speak with overseas
institutional investors, limited
partners, overseas VCs, what are some of
the concerns that they bring up that you
think are addressable over the short
medium term? Right.
Thank you. So obviously you know the uh
the global institutional investors are
seeking uh the BC type of return out of
this market and yes Japan as of today
you know relatively you know
monetization liquidity we have compared
to the other market definitely but on
the other hand to create a VC type of
the return out of this market definitely
we need to create more the number of the
big unicorn so so that you know together
with the government VC players and
startup we all are aiming to create more
big startup rather than you know
creating the number of the small IPO in
this market. This trend is definitely um
for sure is really coming up in this
market.
And Yuka could just to follow up on
that, what kind of returns
are currently on offer right now in the
market? What kind of VC returns are we
looking at currently?
Um obviously you know you know since you
know GIC's are in this market and
communicating with all the our investy
fund manager what we requiring them is
you should definitely aim to the target
return definitely far better than the
buyout type of returns because as of
today so many foreign investors are
chasing the local buyout managers as of
today. So obviously you know the the
local VC fund return needed to be
outperform of the uh buyout type of
return which is obviously you know at
least definitely you know 2x 3x net out
of this return. So this is something
obviously the institutional ops are
looking for for the VC type of econ
and there's all a lot of reforms that
are going on in the Japanese market as
well. Um in particular when it comes to
the listing criterias uh for the Tokyo
stock exchange growth market and the
fact that you know regulators are
actually considering tightening the
listing requirements there. There's also
been a lack of largecale exits as well
in this market. Can you tell us what the
impact that really has on VCs and
startups in the country?
Yes. Well, obviously you know we all
believe in you know the the the people
are in this kind of ecosystem. This is
definitely the welcoming you know the uh
the exist strategy for the Tokyo stock
exchange because that actually share the
consensus with the you know the VC
players and then the startup that you
know we should actually create big IPO
in the private market which mean that
obviously we have to make sure that you
know the foster the startup big enough
before the IPO. This is definitely you
know we share the kind of the same
vision and obviously the people are try
to be well prepared to support to grow
big enough before IPO that's one side of
the different the trends coming up and
on the other hand obviously market have
to uh prepare the kind of liquidity yeah
for the VC fund managers and JC as a you
know the uh the ecosystem builders We
are working hard to support the
secondary market player in this in this
country. Sure. So this is definitely
coming in actually becoming the
sponsored LP.
Okay. Okay. Yuka, thank you so much.
Yuka Hata, senior managing director and
head of fund investments at Japan
Investment Corporation. Thanks so much
for your time. And coming up later, we
have we're talking about Sega. Remember
that name? Sega Corporation's president
joins us inside with her outlook on
Japan's tech and gaming sector. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Boomer.
[Music]
All right, we got some chy numbers
crossing near Bloomberg here right now.
A slight miss of 50.6 for the services
side of things there. And of course,
we're seeing a little bit of reaction in
remabe this morning, Dave. Yeah, lots to
get through today. And of course, just
mentioned that the inflation numbers out
of China are coming out on July 9th. So
I think lots of things are coalesing
around that specific date. Speaking of
July 9th and the trade conversation, the
big one of course overnight was Vietnam.
And as you can see the pop in ETF
turnover in the in the US listing. The
cash market opens up in a couple of
minutes. We'll see what the reaction
looks like if the ETF in Taiwan is any
indication up 1%. We're probably going
to get some upside. We'll see how long
it lasts though. But as you can see,
interest is back in this market. The
broader context is coming up. what it
means for Beijing Washington
conversations.
[Music]
It is a beautiful day here in Hong Kong.
The skies are blue. The heat wave, well,
yeah, it continues. So, but it's nice to
look at it. The heat in this equity
market though seems to be taking off
here a little bit. We're down about 2/3
of 1%. eight share seeing a little bit
more of a deeper drop here about 8/10en
of 1% so uh we're not really seeing that
many drivers in all this but then again
there's a lot of going on in the
undercurrent right whether you take a
look at what's going on in the JGB
market with that auction coming up you
have what's going on the guilds market
as well and yes there is now a trade
deal between the US and Vietnam which in
some ways does actually hit China yeah
and you know I think Beijing did warn
weeks back that you know any deal that
would be against their interest that
they would be paying attention to and
this might actually be part of that and
we'll see how they respond. Of course,
certainly the uh one of the two things
that has come out from our folks at
Bloomberg economics is number one the
the relative
uh benefit for the US as with Vietnam as
an export market is quite tiny uh in
terms of the value of exports that
actually American exports that went to
Vietnam. Now what the hit to Vietnam
might be might be deeper and of course
what the devil in the details really
what happens with the Chinese response
when it comes to this. Um the other
thing that is also worth noting on that
story before we move on is that Vietnam
comes online this hour. So we'll see
what the initial trade looks like and
the verdict coming from markets uh in
the opening minutes once we do get trade
underway uh on the VN index. Right. 71%
to the downside. Hangen index. Uh to
Ivon's point, we're still following the
the political girrations
um as it pertains to not not just fiscal
health, right? The actual job security
of uh fiscal officials, let's put it
that way. Uh in the UK, we're steady on
the pound. Uh we're seeing a bit of a
bounce right now on on on the pound
against the Aussie which by the way when
you look at some of the technicals here
actually bounced off the 100 day moving
average as far as that's concerned. So
the pound was down against every single
one of its peers yesterday and as you
can see it's up against some not all. Uh
currently and the other story we're
tracking this hour is the this trading
debut here in Hong Kong. Cloud break
Pharma uh debuted at Oh. Oh okay.
All right. Um 41% down in the first 30
minutes of trade. I'm not sure. But do I
need eyeglasses? No. No. That's that's
probably Yeah, that's probably correct,
right? Yeah. We we'll get we'll get a
lot of questions obviously for the CEO
coming up and that's why we are going to
go to now the Hong Kong Exchange and our
China correspondent Mman Low is standing
by with our next guest. Minimman.
Yes, I am joined here by the CEO of
Cloudbreak Pharma, Dr. Jin Sony uh I
think you saw on the screen earlier the
debut today down 40% um just half an
hour into the open. What is your
reaction? Oh this is still a long
journey right so this is a uh it's it's
it's a start but we really believe our
business and uh the the talents uh
within the company I think the company
will do well in the long term. Okay.
Well first of all congratulations uh on
the listing. I'm very curious about your
company structure because you're
headquartered in the US. You founded it
there and yet some have described you as
a China based company because of a lot
of your work here in Asia and I know the
US is still an important market. You're
doing a lot of clinical trials there. So
you're kind of straddling both worlds.
Why pick Hong Kong for the IPO when
you're headquartered in California?
Sure. So if you look at our company, we
have staffs in the US and also China as
well and our investor base is mostly
from China based. So Hong Kong is a
bridge to between both US and China.
That's why we picked the Hong Kong as a
good place for us to launch the uh the
first step. Okay. Um just give us give
us a very quick overview of your core
product pipeline because uh I have the
had the fortune of actually not being
very familiar with some of the diseases
that your products treat. So quick
overview. What is the competitive
landscape that you're operating in?
Right. So we're exclusively focused on
optoomic drug research, development and
future commercialization. Our pipeline
wise include some first-in-class drugs
uh some even the first drug therapy to
treat some important eye disease like
terriia and ping gracular but we also
have some best-in-class product to treat
uh myopia presopia and dry eye diseases
as well. Okay. And I understand a lot of
your products are still in clinical
trials. What is your projected timeline
to get regulatory approval and
commercialization and to get a
significant enough level of market
penetration and which market are you
prioritizing for your first launch?
Yeah, so we're still doing the critical
uh phase three and phase 2 clinical
trials and uh our top focus will be US
market as well China market as well.
Timeline for that? Uh we're working on
it. We're working very hard to get our
clinical trial going. So the as I said
phase three is the final stage.
Hopefully we could cross the finish line
early within this year. Um well we're
working hard on this. Okay. One of the
things that stood out to me when you I
read your perspectives is this big
caveat that it is possible none of your
drug candidates would reach successful
commercialization. What are the biggest
roadblocks that you're anticipating?
Yeah. Uh the drug development is a long
process. they have to go through a stage
phase one, phase two and phase three and
finally to get to the uh FDA or CDs to
death. So it typically takes about 10
years of the work and then even close to
$1 billion uh to get to the finish line.
So this is pretty natural for our
business. Okay. Um I'm curious given the
geopolit geopolitical climate that we're
seeing. For example, the US has passed
the biosecure act. they have blacklisted
some Chinese farmer companies and I
don't know if headquartering in the US
was part of the calculation to mitigate
those risk but what do you assess as
your ability to meet some of these
geopolitical headwinds and regulatory
risks that you could be facing right so
we founded the company Irvine California
in 2015 so it's just because a lot of
the funders are based in uh US and in
terms of geopolitics uh uh it's hard for
us to control what we can do is just
work hard to try to bring all those
innovative medicine to the market.
That's where we are mission are. What
about tariffs? Because your production
facility is in China. So I'm assuming
you will export out of China to the US
and then are you prepared then to absorb
potential sectoral tariffs on
pharmaceuticals? We actually have both
productions in the US and China. In the
US we have a CDMO uh supplying the phase
three uh trial and probably initial
commercialization. So we're also
planning to build a uh facility in China
as well. So we we we have both
production in you know both area. So
you'll be setting up a factory in the US
as well for the US market. Yeah. For the
CDMO basic contract uh labs to produce.
Okay. Um let's talk about the China
market because um the government has
actually been encouraging insurers to
invest more in new drug developments. So
are you taking advantage of that? How
far are you with um securing
partnerships to cover your drugs and how
does it affect your pricing strategies
in China? Yeah, so so for the first
product we already have a partnership
with the local uh you know manufacturing
companies. So uh we are well set and and
then in the future we will uh you know
gradually marketing into that space
ourselves.
Okay. Um you mentioned earlier this that
a lot of your investors are actually
based in mainland and China. So you're
getting more interest from investors in
this part of the world not as much in
the US. Why why is that you think? Well
it's because uh when we started the
company we found the investor in China
and then they excited about the company.
They introduced a lot a lot of the local
investor. That's why uh we have a lot of
Chinese investor. But in the future when
uh this company grow to the next phase
we will welcome other uh international
investor to to our base. So how much of
your research is done in China versus
the US? Our strategy is mostly uh start
early clinical trial in the US uh and
then uh bring uh that results to the FDA
once we get the positive feedback and
then we bring back to China to to
conduct last phase three which is the
MRCT uh clinical trial where China
participate in a global trial. So that's
our strategy but we started from US
first. So you start in the US and then
the last phase is in China and the main
uh market is in China. Uh so the last
phase of the trial comprise US and China
some other countries. So China will be
part of the global approval once the
Okay. And I'm curious given this tech
rivalry with the United States how easy
it is for you to attract and retain top
tier international talents and
scientists to work for a company that
has significant ties and and and work in
China. Yeah, I mean uh a lot of our
funders and executives has a lot of
experiences uh you know working in the
US farm business particularly in the uh
upsamic R&D space. So uh finding a
talent has been relatively uh
straightforward for us. We have a lot of
friends that we really like to work with
so we can uh you know make you know
recruit them back to the to to our
company. So okay. So a lot of the I
think you're a perfect example. So you
educated in China and furthered your
studies in the west and eventually
settled down there. So uh most of these
talents people like you. Yeah. Correct.
Okay.
All right. There was uh Dr. Jin Sony the
CEO of Cloud Break Pharma speaking to us
exclusively here at the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange after their IPO listing this
morning.
Yeah, Minelo, thank you so much. uh not
the best first day of trading but as uh
the CEO pointing out of course it's a
longer term story and um the runway the
runway is is is long uh not just for the
company but really for the sector given
all the government initiatives as well
to support this right just on the topic
of trading debuts in Oz the largest one
of the year is doing better up uh we're
up about last we checked about 6% just
keep in mind the IPO price for this one
was at 440 Aussie
Uh no, 440 was the open. 416, my
mistake, was actually the open. We're
trading at 445. So roughly near near
session highs as far as this specific
listing uh is concerned there. And we
got some more lines crossing here when
it comes to what are these US chip
curves and and how Seammens first came
out saying that they received that a
note from the US that they have
rescended these China export curves.
Cadence Design is the next one that has
confirmed that in fact those export
curves on China have been rescended. So
this certainly is a a good news for the
company. According to Bloomberg
Intelligence, they've calculated sales
to Chinese customers generate about 11%
for Cadence itself. So certainly we'll
watch very closely the chip space here
this morning. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. It's about couple of
minutes into the session in Vietnam and
this is a two-day look at the market and
of of course as you can see the the
uptrend into the close and then
overnight in between uh the announcement
announcement so far we're lacking things
like a term sheet and everything else
but an announcement from the US
president that a deal has been reached.
Uh we're looking at declines in the
early goings of about let's call it flat
right now. volumes are still on the
ladder. So, let's wait for this to
really get warmed up to really I guess
in some ways underscore the importance
of this development. Ivonne, it's
important because it has implications
for China which we have to kind of flesh
out in some ways because Dave, as you
mentioned, you know, when it comes to US
and Vietnam, when you look at trade
deficits, Vietnam does rank as some of
the top 10 in which the US does have
right now because we have seen when it
comes to imports from Vietnam that has
surged over the past few years. Well,
you got to ask why. It's this whole kind
of concept of trans shshipment, right?
That's why beyond just the the tariff
headlines of from 40% to 20% for for
Vietnam, there's also a 40% trans
shshipment duty there. And that is aimed
at countering what we've also been
talking about is Chinese exports being
redirected in some ways to Southeast
Asia. You're seeing that in Vietnam,
Thailand, Indonesia. So most parts of
Southeast Asia are kind of seeing these
kind of trade flows and and and and and
basically um as they try to redirect
overall uh where trade flows go in the
midst of all these tariffs, right? So in
some ways you take a look at that and
this sort of deal is in ways aiming at
isolate China from global supply chains
and you take a look at how China's trade
surplus with Vietnam is looking like
that actually has hit a record high. So
that surplus topped some 10 billion in
May and that was a time when US slapped
tripledigit tariffs on China and coming
at a time when we actually saw China
shipments to the US plummet some 30%. So
you are seeing Vietnam in some ways
benefit from AC these cross tensions as
well and that now gives that total
surplus between China and Vietnam at a
massive 77 billion dollars as of May.
The China today column kind of
highlights this as well and this is why
we've been hearing warnings from Beijing
uh during the time when US is making
these negotiations with the rest of the
world. They're firmly opposing any party
reaching a deal at the expense of
Chinese interest in exchange for
so-called tariff reductions. Don't hurt
China along the way. So the key really
here is Dave that if we see and you wipe
out the whole trans shipment side of
things, economists say this is going to
be a huge blow and dent when it comes to
the Chinese economy and exporters as
well. And is Vietnam sort of the first
domino to fall for China as US tries to
push more more trade deals with Asia
with the Europeans as well? But as we've
been talking about, the key really has
to do with how they define these
transmission trans shipments and how
they also look at the enforcement side
of things. Yeah, the devil will really
be on how they how they plug the hole,
right? And how they determine the the
the the parameters of really that that
that specific channel. Uh I guess just
on the note that you know Ivon was just
making there, right? So there's a
broader conversation to be had like this
is a proxy really of what this perhaps
means for other potential trade deals
the next few days. We're just hearing in
fact right now uh and this is I believe
coming out of the South Koreans. It's
unclear whether South Korea can in fact
finish year's tariff talks by July the
8th. Right. So this is a developing
story across many fronts and can they
use this specific um template of Vietnam
as perhaps something uh to latch on to.
Now on on you know with all that being
said Hanoi hasn't confirmed in fact the
terms of that framework deal that uh the
US president is touting. Fact, Bill
Fair's joins us right now for the
context here, a senior editor. Bill, uh,
yeah, give us, so several things were
announced, um, out of the US side. What
are we waiting for next to understand if
in fact a deal has been signed?
Well, uh, for starters, it would really
help to have that term sheet or any kind
of a memo basically laying out some of
the specific terms. We don't really know
what this is beyond some of the comments
made uh on social media largely by
Donald Trump uh mentioning the 20% uh
tariff on Vietnam's uh exports to the
US, the 40% on trans shipments as you
mentioned. Um but I think there's going
to be a lot of interest in whether that
suddenly becomes a base case for a lot
of other nations in Southeast Asia. Is
this what Thailand should roughly be
looking at? Is this what Cambodia uh or
Indonesia or some of these other
economies in the region should be
expecting? Or could they possibly still
get a better deal? It's hard to know. We
There's a limited bandwidth in the
administration to negotiate all of these
deals at once. July 9th is coming up on
us in less than a week. So, it's quite
possible that they either uh they either
get sent a a a specific tariff rate or
they default into something else that a
country in the region has gotten. I
think uh that's the first big thing. The
next is listen, this is only the third
really rough deal we've gotten uh ahead
of the July 9th deadline. It was China,
it was the UK, now it's Vietnam. We
don't have a lot of details on really
any of of those agreements so far. Uh
the big question is how many more can
the US really strike between now and
next Tuesday? Will they extend that
deadline at all? I don't think we're
going to know the answers to some of
that until we're in the really the final
stretch. And by that I mean, you know,
the within 24 hours or even the day
after that deadline passes.
Yeah, we were just talking about the
China impact on all this as well. given
the trans shshipment duties and the
like, you know, what do how do you think
Beijing is going to respond to some of
these trade deals that the US is
striking out with the rest of Asia?
Well, I I don't think it's great news
for Beijing. I mean, if there's a trans
shipment tariff rate of 40%. Uh, that
right off the top suggests to me that
China can't get below 40% and probably
is going to get something higher. that's
going to be seen, you know, with the
with the the way the US has built this
with a 20% extra tariff for fentinol and
things like that. All of a sudden,
you're you're back at at a very high
level compared to historic levels. So, I
think Beijing's going to find that
frustrating. I think it's going to be uh
it's going to do some damage to
bilateral trade. Uh but then, of course,
China is already going to be pushing
back against this whole trans shshipment
idea. um how that gets defined, how well
uh and vigorously that gets enforced is
going to be a big question mark. It
would that's one reason it would be nice
to see the terms of this deal. Uh but
certainly trans shshipment uh as we see
with Vietnam, that's going to be an
issue for a lot of other countries. Then
it's going to be something the US looks
for in in Thailand, in Indonesia, in the
Philippines, in pretty much uh pretty
much the whole world. Uh and that's
going to put a lot of pressure on
Beijing's ability to export uh to the
rest of the world.
All right, Bill. Thank you. Bill Ferry
is there, senior editor joining us out
of Singapore. Let's bring live
strategist Mark Cranfield. Now, um you
know, Bill, Mark, I got to take get your
take on what's all going on here,
whether it's from, you know, the the
guilt markets and the impact it could
have on this JGB auction later on today
to everything that that is going on with
trade. What do you think is going to be
top of mind for you?
Uh we can just follow on briefly from
what Bill was talking about there
because it's pretty significant for for
Asia. Um and you can see the initial
response that's come out of China. The
the central bank PBOC does this daily
fixing of the of the yuan. Uh and they
actually pushed the dollar yuan fixing
slightly lower. So clear signal from the
the Chinese authorities in terms of
financial markets is saying look we're
on a very steady path here. We're on a
course that we're very confident about.
We can see the stimulus is working. M
the Kaiing numbers again were decent
today following on strong PMI numbers
from earlier in the week. So China is
saying look we're doing what we can to
make sure that our domestic economy is
protected here. Our financial markets
are in good shape regardless of what
trade deals are done between the United
States and Vietnam or any other country.
And look at the the Taiwanese dollar
today as well is is roaring again. I
mean the Taiwanese dollar is super
strong which is in itself a a mirror of
what's happening with the yuan as well.
So the messaging is pretty clear from
the financial markets side is that we're
going to stay on a path that supports
our domestic markets and invites funds
to come in from other parts of the world
particularly if people are leaving the
US dollar regardless of what um trade
deals are being done there. So that's a
pretty strong signal to global
investors.
Mark, the the other and somewhat related
story, I'll try and tie what's happening
in the guilt market to you had a decent
10-year auction in the US and we have a
30-year auction coming up in Japan. We
know that hasn't done well, but also
it's the first 30-year auction, I
believe, out of JGB's since the Ministry
of Finance said they will be issuing
less on that uh long end of the curve.
Do you think this auction is going to go
well today, Mark?
um it won't be easy and it's not just
because of the the fact that the guilts
had a rough day yesterday. Uh the the
underlying message is all about steep
curve steepening and that's something
that's completely outside the Bank of
Japan's control. The the steepening
began with the Treasury market earlier
this year. Japan had its own burst of
steepening which is partly happening
because of stagflation issues in Japan.
The Bank of Japan isn't getting on top
of the inflationary readings that's
hurting the long end of the curve. And
then you got this occurrence in the
guilt market as well. Yesterday plus
German curve is also pretty steep as
well. So it's a whole G10 thing. You've
got steepening going on everywhere in
the major countries and that's just
going to feed back into Japan. That is a
dampening effect on today's auction as
well. It's going to make it a little bit
more difficult for them to get it over
the line. The auction will probably go
through. Okay. It's what happens in the
secondary market that's the key for
investors. is whether or not the the
bids that they see in the auction today
will sustain and continue. And that's
not really been the case in some of the
the recent deals. We see the market
start to to tank after the auction is
out of the way. And it's going to be
pretty tough considering the the global
messaging back into the fixed income
market in Japan. It's going to be very
hard for JGBs to outperform other major
markets which are struggling as well.
Especially now we've got this new
dynamic of the guilt market which is
going to probably be in for another
choppy day today. So you've got all this
coming in a short week as well with the
US going on holiday on Friday. Bond
traders are not going to be optimistic
going into the weekend. They're going to
be as defensive as possible and that
will affect the JGBs today.
Yeah, Mark, speaking of holidays, I
wonder if anyone's working in a
Singapore office. Seems like it's
completely empty behind you. We got to
get people to work here. Mark, thank you
so much. You should not be carrying
everything on your shoulders, sir. Um um
yeah, but anyway, uh markets doing this
Hanksy index about an hour into the
session here. Vietnam's about couple of
minutes in a look at equity markets.
This is
[Music]
right. Just a look at markets right now.
Down as you can see across markets here
in Hong Kong 1%. You're looking at tech
leading these declines. Baba and
Kingsoft the worst performer so far in
the first 60 minutes of trade.
[Music]
All right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets are going on break in a minute.
Of course, we still have to deal with
this JGB auction we've been talking
about later on this morning here. Uh,
and we are watching very closely that
30-year yield, right? Uh, the bid to
cover in the last one was at around two
2.92, which was quite low. We'll see if
we get anything above that here today in
terms of demand picture. But as Dave
mentioned, this is the first time we're
seeing this auction since the Ministry
of Finance did tweak that issuance on
the long end of the curve there though.
But equity markets are pretty flat here
this morning, Dave. Yeah, improving
conditions really for this day. But, you
know, as Mark Cranfield did point out
earlier on, it's going to be it's going
to be difficult. It's going to be
difficult given the curve steepening
trend that's going on beyond the the
control of of the Japanese. Right. Let's
get more uh more details now on this
fairly big story that's taking place
right now around the trade
conversations,
tech curbs, what whatnot. So you have
Chinese chip stocks in focus and coming
up on your screens very very shortly.
That's after uh you have seammen's
cadence systems and synopsis have said
that the US has lifted curbs uh on the
export of chip software uh design
software to China. For more on this,
Mackenzie Hawkins, our tech and
geopolitics reporter, is here to talk us
through what we know so far here.
So, all three of the leading makers of
electronic design automation or EDA
tools, which are used to design chips
like everything from those AI components
made by Nvidia to basic power generation
components. Um, all three of those
companies said that curbs that the Trump
administration imposed in May limiting
their sales to China have been lifted.
So this is part of a broader
deescalation between Washington and
Beijing um under a trade agreement that
was officially signed last week. The US
had imposed a raft of export
restrictions on a range of critical
technology to China, not just chip
design software but also jet engine
parts, nuclear materials because they
were frustrated that Beijing wasn't
allowing rare earth exports. And now
both sides are trying to improve flows
of critical technologies. So it looks
like they are kind of delivering when it
comes to this trade deal. But why do you
think the US is doing this? I mean I
thought maybe I mean a months ago this
was a red line in some ways these export
curves. So export controls have
historically been used by Washington and
justified on the basis of national
security. We've had years of escalating
restrictions on ships in particular not
just the chips themselves but also the
tools used to make them that US
officials have said are necessary
because it is an existential national
security threat for Beijing to develop a
domestic semiconductor industry that can
power advanced AI applications. And when
these curves were initially imposed in
May, the industry said, "Of course, this
is just a continued escalation." But it
quickly became clear that they were
designed at least in part to gain
leverage in trade negotiations. Now, the
Trump administration has said, "We're
not lifting the earlier curbs. We're not
going to allow exports of Nvidia chips
that China has asked for." But there are
some China hawks in Washington who are
worried about the precedent that it sets
to impose curbs on something that's
really important to the semiconductor
industry only to lift them less than two
months later. Great stuff, Mackenzie.
Thank you, Mackenzie Hawkins there, our
Bloomberg Tech and Geopolitics reporter
on the latest when it comes to these
chip curbs. Uh we're going to talk a
little bit more about Alibaba here right
now. So now they're offering $7 billion
of subsidies for food deliveries and
online retail and a boost to instant
commerce business in China. Now in a
statement, the firm says the subsidy
will benefit both consumers and
merchants over the next 12 months.
China's e-commerce leader is facing
growing challenges from rivals such as
Mtoan and PDD. Yeah. and how does this
change the profit and the margin outlook
for the you know the big companies
involved. Now Bloomberg Intelligence
joins us right now. Our senior analyst
Katherine Lim um out of Singapore to
take us through their initial projection
and estimate on what what this means for
the bottom line. Katherine, take us
through the thinking,
right? We're never going to get an end
to um you know this delivery war that's
actually going on. And essentially
Alibaba has actually extended the war
into 2026 officially. So this 7 billion
it's going to last through the next 12
months. So we're effectively looking at
the first half um competitive landscape
still being very intense. Um and all
that subsidies that's going into for
users and merchants um you know you kind
of can imagine and I wouldn't be
surprised if you actually see JD and
Mtoan retaliating and that's not going
to be good for um you know the industry
profits.
You're saying this this price war could
go on till next year possibly.
Katherine, I'm wondering because Goldman
came up with a pretty interesting note
this morning that they they see a
potential inflection point in some of
these food delivery companies in the
second half because they're thinking
that maybe the competition is going to
reach a peak in the second half of this
year in the September quarter and all
the risks have been priced in right now.
Is that too optimistic you think?
Well, we'll have to actually see how the
consensus numbers comes through. um you
know they have been downgraded over the
last couple of months itself you know
the magnitude of which because we've
just we're just done with 618 and we
have actually seen all that promotions
going on now take a step back mtoan will
be revamping its supply chain they've
talked about it about 10 days ago JD is
actually engaging JD logistics to
actually hire more riders so you know
again I don't see like you know in the
near term we're going to actually see an
end um you to the profit decline. Of
course, if they all decide to actually
sink in a lot of these cost into the
third quarter itself into the fourth
quarter, you can call it an inflection
point.
All right, Katherine. Thank you,
Katherine Lindam, our senior analyst for
Bloomberg Intelligence joining us out of
Singapore. Some corporate headlines that
we're following for you this morning,
looking at mainland shares in the maker
of Apple AirPods, Lux Share. And now
Bloomberg has learned is working with
banks on a planned Hong Kong listing to
raise over $1 billion. Sources say the
company is working with CICC, Civic
Securities, and Goldman Sachs. Luxury
would join another Chinese supplier to
Apple, Lens Technology, in looking to
trade here in the city. Also looking at
shares in Tesla's Chinese suppliers, the
EV maker has reported its first increase
this year in car shipments from its
Shanghai factory. Vehicle deliveries
rose 0.8% 8% from a year earlier and
jumped 16% from May. Now, that increase,
while slight, may signal a turning point
for the EV maker in China while it's
navigating a relentless price war. And
Chinese EV giant BYD, meanwhile, is
pausing plans for a major plant in
Mexico, citing global trade uncertainty.
The company says it still aims to expand
its production footprint, but wants to
wait for more clarity before making a
decision. BYD recently opened its first
factory outside Asia in Brazil, which
will be capable of producing 150,000
cars annually. Plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, it's summer and people are
doing their travel plans and you got to
wonder, do I go to Japan this month?
That's certainly been a question a lot
of people here in Hong Kong have been
asking and it's because of this book
right here. This is the manga book
called The Future I Saw. The author is
Rio Tatsuki. It was published back in
1999. Why are we talking about it? Well,
she's known to be a bit of a prophet
because in this graphic novel, she in
some ways, some claim she accurately
predicted what happened back in 2011
with the tsunami and what happened in
Fukushima. An updated version came out
back in 2011, I want to say, 2021, so
excuse me. And it had a little bit of an
updated content and July 5th was the
date that was thrown out there of maybe
the next impending earthquake. And that
certainly has led to a lot of concerns
uh when it comes to you know people
flying there. We actually have seen a
bit of a tourism setback there in Japan.
You take a look how flight bookings are
concerned. Uh we have seen actually a
bit of a drop as early as April. Flight
bookings from Hong Kong in particular
which is one of those kind of top
markets that do go to Hong Kong. So
we've also seen a large search interest
from Hong Kong when it comes to this
manga book. future I saw because
purportedly she this author is able to
see the future in her dreams. So there's
a lot of rumor obviously a lot of
speculation scientists has says you know
you really can't time the exact timing
of these earthquakes. So certainly you
got to take it with a bit of you know a
hint of salt here. uh but really it has
impacted the likes of airlines right so
you take a look at how some of these
Hong Kong airlines like Greater Bay
Airlines like Hong Kong Express for
example they've had to scale back uh
some of their uh flights to Japan Cafe
Pacific in particular is quite exposed
to the Japanese tourism market right so
they're talking about 18% of their seats
are devoted to the country over the next
few quarters or so it could be a hit to
the tourism sector in Japan if we start
to see Hong Kong travel demand dwindle
as well Dave but Yes. Could it be just a
short-term thing? Are things going to
bounce back immediately after? That
certainly is a lot of questions that we
have to ask. Our next guest. Yeah. So,
it's a what? It's this weekend, isn't
it? It's the fifth. Yes, it's the fifth.
And wasn't there somewhat anecdotal
evidence or conversation that bookings
picked up after July the 5th? Uh, so
people were going, "Okay, so it's going
to happen and I I might as well be there
the day after the tsunami hits." It's
such a conversation starter among
families that I talk to here in Hong
Kong whether we should book that that
that travel, you know, destination to
Japan in July. Maybe I'll wait till, you
know, later on this month. But, you
know, you look at flights and prices
there definitely have dropped quite a
bit around this date in particular.
Yeah. And I wonder, you might be able to
take advantage of that. That's the
point, right? If you don't believe any
of this, obviously. No. And and I wonder
how the same cohort of people will feel
if the yeden suddenly weakens to 170.
You know to what extent economics and
you know economics trumps trumps this.
It also brings to mind and by the way
I'm not trivializing this because of
course given what happened in March of
2011 but you know a year after that I
remember the wasn't there I don't
remember the details of this the call
out of the Aztecs for the end of the
world December 12 I think 2012 and yet
yet here we are but you could argue
things are very different after Y2K
right we still remember that Y2K as well
uh in fact this story has caught so much
attention that we've dedicated some some
decent space and it's trending it's
trending on wayable it's a number one
one of the number one topics today yes
yeah um and some of the commentary there
a bit strong a bit strong you can check
that out in wayable uh more balanced
perhaps is out of Bloomberg opinion g uh
really there of course our Bloomberg
opinion columnist thinks that and the
title is of the piece is disaster likely
won't strike Japan this weekend u he
joins us right now to talk about this
girl just making that you're there for
us and yet I'm wondering well first are
you scared that something might happen
and what are you seeing exactly on the
ground there in Japan? It's
it's it's a tricky one and yeah the
answer to whether I'm scared or not is
is that um and the reason that I wrote
you know likely won't happen this
weekend is of of course earthquakes
can't be predicted and of course I don't
believe in prophecy. Uh at the same
time, you know, you were talking there
about, you know, the Maya doomsday
theories which, you know, predicted the
end of the world. Some people thought,
you know, another planet was going to
crash into the earth, one that we can't
see, stuff like that. When we're talking
about disaster in Japan, however, you
know, the the the possibility of danger
is actually always there. the likelihood
of the earthquake happening on July 5th
isn't particularly high but a large
earthquake happening you know in the
next decade in the next 30 years the
chances of that uh are quite high so you
know even though everyone is maybe you
were talking about you know uh tourists
staying away and and flights being
cancelled and that kind of thing just
because it doesn't happen on July 5th
doesn't make necessarily say that you
know it's never going to happen um and
by the same token there's no particular
reason to be scared on July 5th or not
to come, you know, around that date to
Japan.
Yeah. I mean, how is it being felt in
Japan in particular? That's one thing.
And and I mean, is this really going to
be a big hit on the tourism sector in
Japan?
The the hit to the tourism sector isn't
particularly huge at the moment. Um, you
know, the numbers were down from from
Hong Kong. My understanding is that it's
particularly a topic of conversation in
Hong Kong. The most recent data we saw
was that the only uh region that had
seen a year-on-year decline in tourists
um was Hong Kong. That was down about
11% yearonear. That's only about 20,000
people, though. Um one economist
estimates that if this continues,
however, because there are there are
other rumors going around, my
understanding is that are related to
this um you know, talk of um you know,
doom strike in Japan maybe later in the
year. If that continues, one economist
says that it might have something like a
560 billion yen impact on the tourist
sector, which obviously is not um
insubstantial. Um in terms of your your
first question, how is it being felt in
Japan? It's um it's a topic of
conversation. I would say I don't think
a lot of people are particularly
changing their habits or cancelling
trips or, you know, staying at home on
July 5th in case something happens. But
it certainly is um a topic of
conversation and I've had people all
week asking me asking me about it and
asking me if I believe it.
Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm now curious if you
do, but like you know, let me let me
save that for maybe another another
time. So, Gabel, I think you hit that's
an important point because if there is
one group of
people that are probably the most
I I wouldn't say used to, but probably
the most in some ways agnostic to
earthquakes because it happens so often
and every now and then you get a really
bad one to your point is it's really in
Japan, right? you know, and the, you
know, some of the conversations that we
have with our some of our colleagues in
Japan, it's like, oh, there's an
earthquake, but yeah, it's like it was
only this much on a scale, which would
scare most other people except for the
Japanese. And
but yeah, I'm curious the what is the
are there business implications
um more broadly beyond a specific date?
you know are in how is the insurance
sector geared up and changing its own
business practices given that the risk
profile of a place like Japan is
elevated compared to most
absolutely you know to to to live in
Japan is to live with the risk of an
earthquake happening um at any time
there's one of the things about you know
these these predictions the government
puts out these predictions of you know
such and such an earthquake has a a 70%
chance of happening in the next you know
x many years. Um there's not really a
lot that you can divine from that. I
think you know the the one thing that
the authorities u particularly say is
that you know anywhere in Japan you
should be prepared for uh a large
earthquake to happen at any time that
might you know severely disrupt um life
because that's just the that's just a
matter of a matter of life here. Um
there hasn't actually been a strong
earthquake in Tokyo for quite some time
which is kind of people are getting a
little bit um complacent I think or
maybe they they can't remember the last
time a large one struck. In terms of how
industry um copes with this it's really
hard to say you know in many ways Japan
is the most prepared country uh in the
world I would say for a large earthquake
to happen. Having said that, if an
earthquake such as, you know, the Nankai
trough mega quake that is predicted to
happen um over the next, you know, it it
regularly happens on on a cycle and the
government estimates put it at about 70
to 80% in the next 30 years that it
would occur. The level of damage that um
is being talked about if that earthquake
did happen to that scale is is really
hard to comprehend. You're talking
300,000 people dead. um you know uh
economic damage in the in the
quadrillions of yen. Um so that is um
something that's very tough to prepare
for. I think some an event like that is
just it's something that you you can't
really pair prepare for if you are you
know if you are a business or an
insurer.
Yeah. Um it it just it's just like the
biggest topic I feel like among a lot of
people that we talk about. Girl, thank
you so much for you know being our
profit I guess and what this all means.
already public opinion columnist there
joining us out of Tokyo. Yeah, hopefully
not. We will talk to you at the after
this weekend. Okay, if you want to know
more about all things earthquakes,
there's a way to do it on the terminal,
right? Track earthquake news with just
one function and I quake and you also
got the maps too that ring of fire that
trap, you know, captures all the
earthquakes around that area. Yeah, we
we do have data on this. In fact, I
believe this is actually quite
up-to-date data. In fact, if I could
tell our producers, this is live TV, to
just collapse the rightmost panel just
to uh get that even further. Thank you
so much for that. So, what you have on
your screens is in red, the size of the
circle indicates the strength of the
earthquake. And what you're seeing is
the earthquakes that have taken place in
that part of the world, particularly
northern Japan, as you can see right to
the eastern part of Hokkaido over the
last 24 hours or so. So, I guess to the
point we were just making, this happens
quite frequently. There's been tremors.
There's been tremors recently which I
guess um depends on how
um susceptible you are I guess to
theory. We'll leave it at that. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Okay, we're looking at the state of play
in some of the pound and the key
crosses. They're following quite a
dramatic move in in the currency
yesterday. It was done against every
single one of its peers and certainly
the meltup in guilty is a reminder that
you know this specific bond market is a
bad headline away or bad development
away from acting up. Yeah. Yeah. And
it's because of what you saw in that
video, right, of the emotional Reeves um
as she was really pondering what the
future of her career is going to be as
she sat next to the Prime Minister
Starmer there in the chamber on
Wednesday as the premier sort of in a
sort of last minute effort batted away
opposition questions about this sort of
quite humiliating, you know, U-turn the
government had to make a daily on these
planned welfare reforms. So certainly
there's a lot of questions about that.
You know, in terms of the guilt traders,
they all thought, is this another Liz
trust moment that we're seeing in the
market, but at least you're saying now
things have stabilized just a bit thanks
to what the prime minister did in the
last minute. A little bit of support
there. Yeah. And let's see if he further
confirms that that job security because
it almost brings to mind the, you know,
when when the equity market acts up, it
doesn't so much threaten political
stances. When the bond market acts up,
we saw in the US, for example, that's
when you did see, of course, a
turnaround. This is almost the same
exact analogy, but in the UK context,
but statement, fiscal conversations, you
saw that spill over into the treasuries
a little bit, and we'll see if it spills
over to the JGB market ahead of that
30-day uh 30 B year bond auction. But
it's interesting though when we saw the
pound plunge. Usually the safe haven is
the dollar. Yeah, we didn't see that.
No, it was really what to what we've
been seeing recently is a flight to the
euro that actually saw a benefit. So
certainly that's one thing to watch
here. And in some ways like you know
this dollar doldrum story continues even
in the face of what we're seeing in the
UK. Yeah I have you know we we've been
going through a lot of the second half
outlooks from analysts and sell side and
some of the buy side and I can't
remember one just yet and maybe we
haven't gone through the entire list
that has called for us you know a
meaningful reversal higher in it it
still is a key assumption asset
allocators are making for a weak dollar
going into the second half of of this
year. Right. Um lots of other things.
Now, this is just in terms of
technicals, right? We showed you the
board earlier on of some of the pound
crosses and the biggest move we're
seeing so far is on the pound against
the Aussie. Perhaps it's because of one
key technical level that it's hitting as
you can see on your screens. The other
thing we want to point out as Ivonne was
mentioning too is this 30-year bond
auction in Japan. And the last time was
on racking my brain now. I'm looking at
July 3rd. So, it's about a month back. I
think July, June the 5th was the last
auction, but that was before of course
the reforms which came through out of
the Ministry of Finance. So the Ministry
of Finance tweaking how much they issue
on the long end of the curve. You also
have the Bank of Japan talking about
slowing down QT, right? So certainly
that does that change and maybe make
things a little bit better for this bond
auction leading up today. How much
demand you're going to see? Just keep in
mind the last June auction 2.92 was the
bid to cover. So that was quite tepid.
That's low already. Yeah. So it might be
difficult though. We'll see if we get
that right. You take a look at how the
30-year yield is right now. We're still
sub 3%. Yeah. So we might not see that
much of an engagement though. But it's
not just the bit to cover the tail very
much. We're watching very closely here.
Yeah. The difference between that.
That's interesting. Okay. And you know I
think we will so the we will find out
the results of that in about I would say
42 minutes about 40 minutes from now. So
what I'm saying is our colleagues of
course at Insight. We'll be taking care
of course of the breaking news for you
when that drops there. Of course in the
meantime before we wrap up the China
show a quick glance at some of the
movers we're tracking here. So some of
the e-commerce plays mtoron Alibaba
JD.com. Interesting of course the
subsidies and what that means for the
the profit outlook. Goldman seems
convinced that we're an inflection
point. They have a buy recommendation on
JD Mtoan and Alibaba. Yes. Uh McQuary
though interesting. Ellie Jang, who
we've had on the show, is the only one
with the latest rating of a neutral on
JD.com. The only one on the street that
has a nonby recommendation on JD.com. I
wonder what the thesis is there. And I
wonder if Ellie could join us, in fact,
at some point. Yeah, I think that's a
call for you, Ellie, to come on the
show, but Katherine Lim kind of
mentioned it, right? The hit to profit,
the hit to margins on the likes of some
of these food delivery, you know,
companies is going to be showing. And
basically Alibaba, the fact that they're
giving out subsidies again just pushed
this price war into next year. Okay. And
that means we're almost done on this.
And on food delivery, it's almost time
for lunch. Ivon and I are going to hit
our phones to figure out what we're
going to eat. We'll see you all
tomorrow. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]